CHANGES IN VERSION 0.99.30
--------------------------

NEW FEATURES

    o Added the function snaptron_query() which queries Intropolis via Snaptron
        to find if an exon-exon junction is present in the data.


CHANGES IN VERSION 0.99.29
--------------------------

BUF FIXES

    o Fixed an bug in the vignette. Thanks to Michael Love for noticing it!


CHANGES IN VERSION 0.99.0
-------------------------

NEW FEATURES

    o Created the package skeleton for recount
    o Added the function reproduce_ranges() for re-creating the gene or exon
        level information used in the recount project.
    o Added the function abstract_search() for identifying SRA projects of
        interest by searching the abstracts.
    o Added the function browse_study() for opening a browser tab for further
        exploring a project.
    o Added the function download_study() for downloading the data from the
        recount project.
    o Added the function scale_counts() for properly scaling the counts before
        performing a differential expression analysis with the
        RangedSummarizedExperiment objects hosted in the recount project.
    o Added the function expressed_regions() for defining the expressed regions
        in a chromosome for a given SRA study.
    o Added the function coverage_matrix() for computing the coverage matrix
        based on the regions of interest for a given SRA study.
    o Added the function geo_info() for obtaining sample information from GEO.
    o Added the function find_geo() for finding the GEO accession id given a
        SRA run accession (id). This function will be useful for SRA projects
        that did not have GEO entries at the time recount's data was created.
    o Added the function geo_characteristics() for building a data.frame from
        geo_info()'s results for the characteristics.
    o Added the function all_metadata() which downloads all the phenotype data
        for all projects. This function can be useful for identifying projects
        and/or samples of interests.